[NFC][Doc] Add note about local compiled kernel cache (#2000)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/MIOpen: README.md

MIOpen provides an optional pre-compiled kernels package to reduce the startup latency. These precompiled kernels comprise a select set of popular input configurations and will expand in future release to contain additional coverage.

> Note that all compiled kernels are locally cached in the folder `$HOME/.cache/miopen/`, so the performance impact will only apply to the first execution of a new compute kernel. There is no startup time penalty on subsequent runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all compiled kernels are locally cached in the folder `$HOME/.cache/miopen/`, so precompiled kernels reduce the startup latency only for the first execution of a neural network. Precompiled kernels do not reduce startup time on subsequent runs.
```

Reviewer: I hope this looks clearer.
